{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue20;\red58\green85\blue216;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c5490\c6275\c10196;\cssrgb\c29020\c43137\c87843;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16700\viewh15000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Short Description:\'a0
\f1\b0 Using the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.tvmaze.com/api"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 http://www.tvmaze.com/api}}\'a0create a single page application showing episodes timeline for the selected TV show.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Time Required:\'a0
\f1\b0 The candidate is not expected to spend more than 6-8 hours on the development.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Functionality:
\f1\b0 \
As the user starts typing the TV show title, a list of suggestions appears based on user input. Suggestions include TV show title, premiere date and a show rating. When the user selects a show from the dropdown list with suggestions, the TV show summary appears and season selection dropdown. As soon as the user selects a season, all episodes from the selected season are placed on a timeline proportionally, based on the show air date. E.g. if episodes were airing every 1st day of the month, they should be distributed evenly. Each episode on the timeline is represented by a dot. An episode number and name is shown under each dot. As the user clicks on the dot, a tooltip appears with the selected episode name, episode image and summary. If no image is available, show \'93image not available\'94 placeholder image. Clear button resets current TV show selection.\'a0\
\'a0\

\f0\b Languages/Framework:
\f1\b0  Candidate\'92s choice (any/no framework), SCSS/SASS\
\'a0\

\f0\b Specs:
\f1\b0 \'a0Responsive website working in all major browsers, IE11 and mobile browsers with proper validation and error handling. Retina displays should be supported.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Validation:
\f1\b0 \'a0For TV shows titles in search input, only letters and spaces are allowed.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Fonts:
\f1\b0 \'a0If fonts require licenses the candidate should use free fonts similar in appearance with no license needed.\
\'a0\

\f0\b Art files:\'a0
\f1\b0 Art files are provided to the candidate as 5 PNGs with two sizes each - for low and high-resolution displays, and one PNG with typography information.\'a0\
\

\f0\b Delivery:\'a0
\f1\b0 The candidate should share the final solution through a publicly accessible Git/bitbucket repo. The candidate should deliver the solution that matches the art files provided.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl260\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs22 \cf4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}